The team is building an application that will use a service running on Kubernetes. You need to:

Create a zonal cluster using europe-west4-a.
Use the Docker container hello-app (gcr.io/google-samples/hello-app:2.0) as a placeholder; the team will replace the container with their own work later.
Expose the app on port 8080.
Click Check my progress to verify the objective.
Create a Kubernetes cluster

Task 3. Set up an HTTP load balancer
You will serve the site via nginx web servers, but you want to ensure that the environment is fault-tolerant. Create an HTTP load balancer with a managed instance group of 2 nginx web servers. Use the following code to configure the web servers; the team will replace this with their own configuration later.

cat << EOF > startup.sh
#! /bin/bash
apt-get update
apt-get install -y nginx
service nginx start
sed -i -- 's/nginx/Google Cloud Platform - '"\$HOSTNAME"'/' /var/www/html/index.nginx-debian.html
EOF
Copied!
Note: There is a limit to the resources you are allowed to create in your project, so do not create more than 2 instances in your managed instance group. If you do, the lab might end and you might be banned.
You need to:

Create an instance template. Don't use the default machine type. Make sure you specify e2-medium as the machine type.
Create a target pool.
Create a managed instance group.
Create a firewall rule named as allow-tcp-rule-206 to allow traffic (80/tcp).
Create a health check.
Create a backend service, and attach the managed instance group with named port (http:80).
Create a URL map, and target the HTTP proxy to route requests to your URL map.
Create a forwarding rule.
Note: You may need to wait for 5 to 7 minutes to get the score for this task.
Click Check my progress to verify the objective.
Create the website behind the HTTP load balancer

Congratulations!
Congratulations! In this lab, you created a project jumphost instance, a Kubernetes service cluster, and an HTTP load balancer.

Create and Manage Cloud Resources Skill Badge

Google Cloud training and certification
...helps you make the most of Google Cloud technologies. Our classes include technical skills and best practices to help you get up to speed quickly and continue your learning journey. We offer fundamental to advanced level training, with on-demand, live, and virtual options to suit your busy schedule. Certifications help you validate and prove your skill and expertise in Google Cloud technologies.
